improved updating mechanism (#82)
Hecter94/EndlessSky-PluginArchive: res/template.txt

You want your plugin here? Fork this repository, upload your plugin and make a Pull Request. Beside that you can post it in the discussion area.

> For Pull Requests... the folder structure has changed with this update. There are no more category folders for you to upload to. Instead you create a file with the plugin informations in `/res/pluginlist/` and your plugin at `Working/`, so this README.md can get auto-generated by a script. Check the other files there to see the formating. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Pull Requests, the folder structure has changed with this update. There are no more category folders for you to upload to. Instead, you create a file with the plugin information in `/res/pluginlist/` and your plugin at `Working/`, so this README.md can get auto-generated by a script. Check the other files there to see the formatting. 
```

If you provide the `directlink=` in the plugin-file at `res/pluginlist/`, then there is no need to upload you plugin to the `Working` directory, your plugin will be loaded on the next daily check for updates. So instead of uploading a folder with a git client, you can upload a single text-file with the web Interface.

## Automatic Updating

> The files in `res/pluginlist/` which are used to generate this README.md, have a line `directlink=`, where you can put an URL to your zipped plugin. The line should look like: `directlink=https://github.com/userxyz/esplugins/releases/download/Latest/myplugin.zip` or any other directly accessable webspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files in `res/pluginlist/` which are used to generate this README.md, have a line `directlink=`, where you can put a URL to your zipped plugin. The line should look like: `directlink=https://github.com/userxyz/esplugins/releases/download/Latest/myplugin.zip` or any other directly accessible webspace.
```

This repository does an automated check for your directlink once a day(03:30 am utc) and if your plugin there is newer than the one hosted here, it updates it and puts it in the news box. For security reasons the zip file size is currently limited to 100 mb. Please read naming convention paragraph to prevent errors.

> If you have a single plugin github repo (with the data folder in root), you can use the auto-generated zip-file (green button) as directlink for updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a single plugin GitHub repo (with the data folder in root), you can use the auto-generated zip file (green button) as a direct update link.
```

We hope to create a centralized overview for active plugin developing with this feature.

## Plugin Naming Convention

Allthough a lot of checking and errorhandling got implemented in the scripts, there might be some bugs. To be safe, try to avoid special characters in your plugin name. 

> We have now different paths and files which get addressed to the same plugin. There is the plugin folder `Working/YourPlugin/` and the plugin information file at `res/pluginlist/YourPlugin.txt`.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now have different paths and files which get addressed to the same plugin. The plugin folder is `Working/YourPlugin/`, and the plugin information file is at `res/pluginlist/YourPlugin.txt`.<br>
```
